# python-api-challenge

# Overview

## WeatherPy
- Cities list were generated by Using the `citipy` Library.
- OpenWeatherMap API were used to retrieve weather data from the cities list generated.
- cities weather data were Convert into a Pandas DataFrame `city_data_df`.
- Export the City_Data into a csv `cities.csv`.
- Scatter plot were used to Showcase the relationship Between Weather <br> Variables[max temperature, humidity, cloudiness and wind speed] and Latitude.
- Linear Regression for Each Relationship were computed by creating <br> a DataFrame with the Northern & Southern Hemisphere.
- Linear Regression plots were used to Show the relationship Between Weather <br> Variables[max temperature, humidity, cloudiness and wind speed] and Latitude for Northern & Southern Hemisphere.

## VacationPy
- The CSV file created in WeatherPy were loaded into a Pandas DataFrame.
- A map that displays a point for every city in the `city_data_df` DataFrame <br> were created using humidity as the size of the point.
- The `city_data_df` DataFrame were narrow down to find your ideal weather <br> condition and drop any results with null value. 
- A new DataFrame called `hotel_df` were created to store the city, country, <br> coordinates, and humidity values by using Pandas copy function.
- The Geoapify API were used to find the first hotel located within10,000 metres  <br> of your coordinates.
- Plot a map on `hotel_df` DataFrame displays a point for every city located within <br> 10,000 metres radius.